Classify stable container unavailability (#780)
cloudflare/sandbox-sdk: .changeset/stable-container-unavailable.md

---
'@cloudflare/sandbox': patch
---

> Classify sandbox runtime and platform update interruptions as structured errors instead of surfacing raw transport or Durable Object messages. This gives applications clear retry guidance for idempotent operations and reduces transient startup failures when a sandbox is starting up or being replaced during deployment rollouts.

Reviewer: Can we make this shorter and lead with the bigger item which is reducing errors.

```suggestion
Reduces startup failures when a sandbox is booting or being replaced during container deployment. As well as providing structured errors for sandbox runtime and platform interruptions including retry guidance for idempotent operations.
```
